PCB/900MHz/RX_Mini/README.md, before:

\# Mini Rx v0.1



https://easyeda.com/jyesmith/expresslrs-rx



<img src="img/pcb.jpg" width="25%"> <img src="img/antenna.jpg" width="25%"> <img src="img/front.jpg" width="25%"> <img src="img/back.jpg" width="25%">



\### PCB manufacturing



Upload the Mini_Rx_v0.1_Gerber.zip file to https://jlcpcb.com/



\- PCB Thickness 0.6m. Thicker is ok but the Rx becomes bulky.  Going thinner to 0.4mm costs more!

\- PCB Colour blue... Blue is best, but I suppose you could select something different.

\- [BOM](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T2mhwylJRkJdaq0IyqfzjkTpoj9uZ8fdSAFEOPCxJ9Y/edit#gid=179311956)... Thank you so much @Spec on the discord for this!



\### Component placement



Most of it should be self explanatory except for a couple of the resistors.  



Note - The WiFi antenna isn't required. A small 1/8th wavelength PCB trace was included and tested up to a distance of 5m.  It works well for flashing on the bench or in the field.



<img src="img/Mini_Rx_v0.1_pcb_image.png" width="25%"> <img src="img/Mini_Rx_v0.1_pcb_image_labelled.png" width="25%"> <img src="Mini_Rx_v0.1_Schematic.png" width="25%">



\### Minimum flashing requirements



ESP-01F, button (hold while powering to put into boot mode) and 2 x 10k resistors is all that is need to flash the esp. ***\*The red power wire is 3.3V\****. Use the same steps found in [Adding an ESP Backpack](https://github.com/AlessandroAU/ExpressLRS/wiki/ESP-Backpack-Addon), except use the ***\*RX_ESP8285_via_UART\**** target.



<img src="img/minimum_flash_components.jpg" width="25%">

Commit message:

Add info that 10k Resistors are not required (#250)
* Add info that 10k Resistors are not required

* Improve formatting and add note about PCB antenna

PCB/900MHz/RX_Mini/README.md, after:

# Mini Rx v0.1


https://easyeda.com/jyesmith/expresslrs-rx


<img src="img/pcb.jpg" width="25%"> <img src="img/antenna.jpg" width="25%"> <img src="img/front.jpg" width="25%"> <img src="img/back.jpg" width="25%">


### PCB manufacturing

Upload the Mini_Rx_v0.1_Gerber.zip file to https://jlcpcb.com/


- PCB Thickness 0.6m. Thicker is ok but the Rx becomes bulky.  Going thinner to 0.4mm costs more!
- PCB Colour blue... Blue is best, but I suppose you could select something different.
- [BOM](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T2mhwylJRkJdaq0IyqfzjkTpoj9uZ8fdSAFEOPCxJ9Y/edit#gid=179311956)... Thank you so much @Spec on the discord for this!



### Component placement

Most of it should be self explanatory except for a couple of the resistors. The 10k Pull-Up Resistors are not necessarry and will be removed in a future version (EN and RST init HIGH).


Note - The WiFi antenna isn't required. A small 1/8th wavelength PCB trace was included and tested up to a distance of 5m.  It works well for flashing on the bench or in the field. (Note: JLCPCB might contact you about the antenna trace 1. not proceeding and 2. most likely being cut off by the V-Cut. You can ignore these warnings, since issue 1 is intenional, and 2 they've worked fine without any antenna at all.)


<img src="img/Mini_Rx_v0.1_pcb_image.png" width="25%"> <img src="img/Mini_Rx_v0.1_pcb_image_labelled.png" width="25%"> <img src="Mini_Rx_v0.1_Schematic.png" width="25%">



### Minimum flashing requirements
ESP-01F and button (hold while powering to put into boot mode.) ***The red power wire is 3.3V***. Use the same steps found in [Adding an ESP Backpack](https://github.com/AlessandroAU/ExpressLRS/wiki/ESP-Backpack-Addon), except use the ***RX_ESP8285_via_UART*** target.



<img src="img/minimum_flash_components.jpg" width="25%">
