PCB/2400MHz/RX_Nano/README.md, before:

v1.0 PCB
- Pictured below

v1.1 PCB
- Larger IPEX pads
- Added boot jumper pads under the button and base of the PCB.  These can be used in place of the button.  Any solder paste applied to these pads via a stencil will need to be removed before adding a button.

v1.2 PCB
- Larger XO footprint for the FL520WFMT1.
- Remove ground from beneath the UFL.
- Adds WiFi antenna

# Nano 2.4 GHz Rx

The ExLRS Nano Rx is 18mm*11mm and uses the same pinout as the CRSF Nano.  This allows for direct mounting to compatible flight controllers.

This PCB uses 0402 SMD components and will require a hot air rework station, plus a microscope to make life easier.

Here is the EasyEDA project containing schematics and PCB design.
https://easyeda.com/jyesmith/expresslrs-rx_copy_copy

A build video of the front side.
https://youtu.be/33BSITaKFUY

<img src="img/pcb_front_back.png" width="100%">
<img src="img/front.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="img/back.jpg" width="40%">

### PCB manufacturing

Upload the Gerber file to https://jlcpcb.com/RAT and below are the order options.  Red is clearly the only acceptable colour! It is recommended to also get a solder paste stencil, and check the price for 5, 10, and 30 pieces.  It is sometimes cheaper to order 30 than 10 and only a minor increase in price compared to 5.

<img src="img/jlc_order_details.PNG" width="30%"> <img src="img/stencil.PNG" width="40%">

### BOM

Below are links to the more uncommon components.

- 3.3V regulator https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/microchip/mic5319-33yd5-tr/?qs=U6T8BxXiZAVXDFAtjOExZg%3D%3D
- ESP01 https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32957577407.html
- Button https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/alps/sktaaae010/?qs=u4fy%2FsgLU9NVRRqWeykmWg%3D%3D
- sx1280 https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/semtech/sx1280imltrt/?qs=5aG0NVq1C4xuoq8G6ZzdxQ%3D%3D
- RF output filter https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/johanson/2450fm07d0034t/?qs=%252bEew9%252b0nqrBEY7VUloPs4Q%3D%3D
- Crystal.  If the FW520WFMT1 is out of stock, the FL520WFMT1 can be used. The FL is slightly larger and may require more skill to solder but it's been used before.  The v1.2 PCB is designed for this larger footprint.
  - FW520WFMT1 https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Diodes-Incorporated/FW520WFMT1?qs=%2Fha2pyFadugPDf0nhgewaMwLjNbxaY4Xr5XmslnYeZgOQCJm3ZvVpQ%3D%3D or https://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/diodes-incorporated/FW520WFMT1/FW520WFMT1CT-ND/6173706
  - FL520WFMT1 https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/diodes-incorporated/FL520WFMT1/6173685?s=N4IgTCBcDaIGIBkCsYAMB1OBZAKgRhAF0BfIA

### Antennas

The antennas linked below when cut to an end-to-end length of 49.8mm will be tunned for the middle of the 2.4GHz range.  Ideally confirm this with a vector analyser.

https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000197347021.html

https://youtu.be/bOKTOFyyGHo

<img src="img/antenna.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="img/antenna_on_quad.jpg" width="40%">

### Build layout cheat sheet

I made the below image as a quick reference to help when placing components.

<img src="img/build_cheat_sheet.png" width="40%">

Commit message:

adds 2450FM07A0029T rf filter option (#528)
Co-authored-by: Jye <JyeSmith@users.noreply.github.com>

PCB/2400MHz/RX_Nano/README.md, after:

v1.0 PCB
- Pictured below

v1.1 PCB
- Larger IPEX pads
- Added boot jumper pads under the button and base of the PCB.  These can be used in place of the button.  Any solder paste applied to these pads via a stencil will need to be removed before adding a button.

v1.2 PCB
- Larger XO footprint for the FL520WFMT1.
- Remove ground from beneath the UFL.
- Adds WiFi antenna

# Nano 2.4 GHz Rx

The ExLRS Nano Rx is 18mm*11mm and uses the same pinout as the CRSF Nano.  This allows for direct mounting to compatible flight controllers.

This PCB uses 0402 SMD components and will require a hot air rework station, plus a microscope to make life easier.

Here is the EasyEDA project containing schematics and PCB design.
https://easyeda.com/jyesmith/expresslrs-rx_copy_copy

A build video of the front side.
https://youtu.be/33BSITaKFUY

<img src="img/pcb_front_back.png" width="100%">
<img src="img/front.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="img/back.jpg" width="40%">

### PCB manufacturing

Upload the Gerber file to https://jlcpcb.com/RAT and below are the order options.  Red is clearly the only acceptable colour! It is recommended to also get a solder paste stencil, and check the price for 5, 10, and 30 pieces.  It is sometimes cheaper to order 30 than 10 and only a minor increase in price compared to 5.

<img src="img/jlc_order_details.PNG" width="30%"> <img src="img/stencil.PNG" width="40%">

### BOM

Below are links to the more uncommon components.

- 3.3V regulator https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/microchip/mic5319-33yd5-tr/?qs=U6T8BxXiZAVXDFAtjOExZg%3D%3D
- ESP01 https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32957577407.html
- Button https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/alps/sktaaae010/?qs=u4fy%2FsgLU9NVRRqWeykmWg%3D%3D
- sx1280 https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/semtech/sx1280imltrt/?qs=5aG0NVq1C4xuoq8G6ZzdxQ%3D%3D
- RF output filter https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/johanson/2450fm07d0034t/?qs=%252bEew9%252b0nqrBEY7VUloPs4Q%3D%3D
  - Alternate RF filter.  If the above 2450FM07D0034T  is not available the below 2450FM07A0029T is exactly the same except for the input impedance.  You should see no noticeable difference in performance.
    - https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Johanson-Technology/2450FM07A0029T?qs=Gd3Cm49KlLOPd5QDNED%252Bnw%3D%3D
    - https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/johanson-technology-inc/2450FM07A0029T/6187664
- Crystal.  If the FW520WFMT1 is out of stock, the FL520WFMT1 can be used. The FL is slightly larger and may require more skill to solder but it's been used before.  The v1.2 PCB is designed for this larger footprint.
  - FW520WFMT1 https://au.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Diodes-Incorporated/FW520WFMT1?qs=%2Fha2pyFadugPDf0nhgewaMwLjNbxaY4Xr5XmslnYeZgOQCJm3ZvVpQ%3D%3D or https://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/diodes-incorporated/FW520WFMT1/FW520WFMT1CT-ND/6173706
  - FL520WFMT1 https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/diodes-incorporated/FL520WFMT1/6173685?s=N4IgTCBcDaIGIBkCsYAMB1OBZAKgRhAF0BfIA

### Antennas

The antennas linked below when cut to an end-to-end length of 49.8mm will be tunned for the middle of the 2.4GHz range.  Ideally confirm this with a vector analyser.

https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000197347021.html

https://youtu.be/bOKTOFyyGHo

<img src="img/antenna.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="img/antenna_on_quad.jpg" width="40%">

### Build layout cheat sheet

I made the below image as a quick reference to help when placing components.

<img src="img/build_cheat_sheet.png" width="40%">
